Triggers:

	name:
	type:
	method-trigger:
	probability:
	lifespan:
	owner:
	access:
	options:
	created:
	last-changed:
	last-accessed:
	hits:	
	action-mode:
	action:

Commands
	trig-set-name lyrics lyrics1

	select-trigger
	select-trigger lyrics
	set-name lyrics1

	select-trigger


	NAME
		Name of trigger.  Must be unique, and cannot contain spaces.

	TYPE
		Used to specify pre-built triggers.  Pre-built triggers are
		those that have been setup to suit a specific purpose, for
		example, a lyrics trigger.  A pre-built trigger has
		fields which are pre-defined, and can have fields which are
		uneditable too.  Uneditable fields are marked with an asterisk.
		Users may be given permission to create triggers of certain
		types, all types, or general types.

	METHOD-TRIGGER
		As of now, this consists of the following types (methods) of
		triggers:

			cron-trigger
			pub-trigger
			priv-trigger
			action-trigger
			state-trigger	

		- A cron-trigger uses a cron-based setting as its argument.
		  Cron-based settings are in the form: min hr day dow month.
		- A pub-trigger matches public text said on a channel.
		- A priv-trigger matches public text said on a channel which
		  includes any of the bot's nicks.
		- An action-trigger matches specific actions that can occur,
		  such as a user getting ops, the bot joining a channel, a
		  user getting kicked, etc.  Actions are defined elsewhere.
		- A state-trigger matches a state the bot may be in, such
		  as being without ops, being alone on channel, etc.  States
		  are defined elsewhere.  States must use the state-rate
		  field to specify how often the action is to occur since the
		  state can exist for an indefinite time.

		When multiple different triggers are used they all match on
		an OR basis except for the state-trigger, which matches on
		an AND basis with everything else.  When multiple similar
		triggers are used they match on an AND basis.  An example
		should make this clearer.

			cron-trigger 5,10,15 * * * *
			pub-trigger "i am so"
			pub-trigger  "bored", "tired", "lazy"
			state-trigger MEOPPED
			state-trigger !ONCHAN arkham

		will match as follows:  every 5th, 10th, 15th minute OR when someone
		says "I am so" combined with "bored", "tired", or "lazy", and
		I (the bot) have ops, and Arkham is not on the channel, do this.

	PROBABILITY
		If this trigger is matched, the probability that it will be
		executed.  For example, setting pub-trigger to "i'm bored"
		and probability to .5 will execute the trigger 50% of the time
		when someone says "i'm bored".

	LIFESPAN
		If set, defines how long the trigger will be in effect.  Can
		be specified as time from now (i.e. 2w, 3d) or an absolute
		date.  When lifespan is achieved, trigger is deleted.

	OWNER
		Automatically set at creation time.  Can be reset by master.

	ACCESS
		Specifies who is allowed to modify this trigger.  Access flags
		can be nicks, *, or any combination of user flags.  Usually set
		in a custom-build type.  Parameters are specified as:

			ACCESS: <level> <method>, <level> <method>, ...

		where level is any combination of user levels, and method is
		any combination of the following flags: ead

			e = users can edit any field, but not add
			a = users can add addition fields
			d = users can delete this trigger
			l = user's actions are logged to this trigger log

		Logs can be kept for each trigger by using the l flag so that
		owners can see who has tinkered with their trigger.  Only the
		n most recent modifications are stored, where n is defined in
		the config file.

	OPTIONS
		Specifies trigger options.  Options are of the following type:

			notewhenchanged, keeplog, mostrecentlogmods <n>


	CREATED, LAST-CHANGED, LAST-HIT, HITS
		Reflect time trigger was created, last changed, last hit, and
		the number of hits in its lifetime.

	ACTION-MODE
		The ACTION-MODE field dictates how multiple actions are
		executed.  The following types of execution are supported

			sequential
			random
			random no repeat

		Sequential execution causes the trigger to execute the action
		lines like a script, each line is executed consecutively.

		Random and random no repeat execution causes the trigger to
		execute a randomly chosen action line.  With 'no repeat',
		action lines won't be repeated until all have been executed.


	ACTION
		What is executed when this trigger is matched.  When multiple
		actions are used, the selection of actions is dictated by
		the ACTION-MODE field.

		Actions can be as follows:

			SAY <message>
			ME <message>
			KICK <user> <message>
			OP <user>
			MSG <user> <message>

	Variable substitution
		A powerful technique for triggers is the idea of variable
		substitution.  Instead of specifying an exact word, we can
		specify a variable instead, which will match against any word
		nick, channel, etc.  This allows us to use these variables in
		an action line.  An example should make this clearer.

			priv-trigger: "sing a song for $nick"
			action: ME sings a song for $nick.

		With this, when someone says

			<user> Grufti, sing a song for Arkham

		Grufti will respond with

			* Grufti sings a song for Arkham.

		Variables exist in sub-types, so if the variable $nick was
		used in this fashion for a custom type, and someone inherited
		from it, they'd have access to $nick in their action fields
		automatically.
